Doctor: Good morning, Mrs. Smith. How are you feeling today?

Patient: Good morning, Dr. Johnson. I've been feeling a bit under the weather lately.

Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about your symptoms?

Patient: Sure. I've been having a persistent cough for the past week, and I've also felt quite fatigued.

Doctor: I see. Have you had any fever, shortness of breath, or chest pain?

Patient: I had a low-grade fever a couple of days ago, but no chest pain or shortness of breath.

Doctor: Alright. Have you had any changes in your appetite or any weight loss?

Patient: Not really. My appetite has been normal.

Doctor: Okay. I'll take a listen to your lungs and check your throat. Please take a deep breath for me.

Doctor examines the patient.

Doctor: Your lungs sound clear, but your throat looks a bit inflamed. It might be a viral infection. I'll recommend some rest, plenty of fluids, and over-the-counter medication for your cough.

Patient: Thank you, Dr. Johnson. Is there anything else I should be doing?

Doctor: Just make sure to monitor your symptoms. If you develop a high fever or have any trouble breathing, come back to see me right away.

Patient: Will do. Thank you so much.

Doctor: You're welcome. Take care, Mrs. Smith.Oh, can

0Can you hear me?
0Can you hear me?
0Can you hear me?
0Can you hear me?
Doctor: Can you hear me?
Doctor: Great. Just wanna make sure you could hear me?
Doctor: Hello. This is the patient.
Doctor: Uh,
Doctor: Just wanted to check in on you and make sure everything's going well.
Client: All, right, well
Doctor: Here what you gotta say.
Doctor: You gotta say anything.
Doctor: Hello.
3: And. I. Don't wanna say
Doctor: The. We I know, night to day break.
Doctor: One away.
Doctor: Now, what does this say about P in General Asians are survivors. What does this say about Poon in General Poon is the best. Yeah. That's what It means? You're not getting better than you.
1: Who drives this
1: Yeah, I get what you're saying. I love the
Doctor: Is there anything better than Poon for Prez Poon for prez.
Doctor: This guy's the fucking man who killed a shark with a jug of water.
Doctor: Hello, Serena.
Doctor: How's it going?
1: I do I said. Hi. How's it going
Doctor: Hello.
Doctor: Well.
Doctor: Hello.
Doctor: Hello. Can you hear me?
Doctor: Yes. I can hear you.
Doctor: But. I'm not the doctor.
Doctor: It's cause You sound just like me.
Doctor: No. Just kidding. Hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Please be the patient, please.
Doctor: Patient.
Doctor: Can you hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Can you hear me?
Client: She not
Doctor: I can't hear you.
Doctor: I can hear you really good man.
Doctor: Wow.
Client: Can, You, hear me?
Client: Hello, OK?
Client: I believe you.
Client: Hello. Can you hear me?
Client: Everything is the
3: Doctor.
Doctor: Hello. Can you hear me?
Doctor: Great. Just wanna make sure this is working?
Doctor: Hello. Can you hear me?
Doctor: Damn it!
Doctor: So are you taking a shower?
4: Pie. Do. Why not and and you know what the movie's called Oh, it stops up. What did you just say
Doctor: What did he just say walk off? If if we want him to play Jiminy Christmas.
None: Hello. Can you hear me?
None: Hello. Can, You, hear me?
None: Look at you.
0: What
None: Hello, Can, You hear me?
3: That is funny Shit. It's not
3: It's
None: This is a typhoon.
3: This is a
3: I
3: You got a
3: And
None: Is called.
None: Let's get some good. Let's get. Let's get PD and is so good drowning with P.
3: No, because he doesn't drown. He survived like it's not
1: Let's Let's get
3: I want an Asian accent, please. You have to 1942 it in an Asian. I can't
None: You know that draft you can actually write.
3: You're doing your job and
None: Just feel like I can't speak up because of it. Um, because you you're white, And that doesn't comport well with D.
None: Programs.
None: A lot of things are gonna happen.
None: Right, either you're gonna it's gonna come up in your performance review.
None: Or your Your boss is going to have to address it in some way. It's gonna get to HR at some level and then decisions are going to have to be made and commute.
None: Just fire somebody because they spoke up.
4: Somebody's gonna have to communicate with you. So I think
None: Don't trust the volume.
None: For conservatives, But in general, you could sell books you could get likes.
None: When. You talk about this ideology.
0: A degree to which
0: Is is this woke ideology in the
None: This right now.
None: Uh,
0: Meaning like it's this
None: Monster that we were all kind of, or is it a positive?
None: I guess another way to say that is they don't highlight a lot.
0: Positive progress has been
0: Version of the word wo
None: In terms of correcting some of the wrongs done in the past.
None: So that said, You know if you ask people in Russia a lot of them will say.
None: There's no propaganda.
0: Censorship and
None: Stuff.
None: It's sometimes hard to see when you're in.
None: This happening.
0: See
None: Difficult to criticize.
None: Programs.
None: Horribly difficult tech.
0: Two, different worlds companies and academia. Yeah, two different world, but I also think it's not
0: Um
0: I have a terrible
None: Looks really bad. Um, yes. Is there Anything else besides your headache that you wanna address here today at the clinic? No. It's just that Except. I am concerned, I just recently changed insurance companies, and I'm not sure this is gonna be covered yet?
None: Or was there anything? Um, because, uh, what we can do is what we're talking, you know, doing your history and physical. Um, I don't have my office Secretary look, do the insurance claim that you can have so you don't have to worry about that. That. Sounds good, OK, sounds great.
None: Is there. Anything else? No, I. Just this is just really bad.
None: So what I'd like to do today, and, um, it was Let's take a look at what's causing your headache.
1: I will go over history, physical
None: And. Um we'll do it again. A physical exam.
None: Hello. Can you hear me?
0: Just wanted to test
None: And. Um, what I'll do is I'll have my office team research? Uh, the different things that you and I talked about today and then let's set a time, um early next week, say Tuesday, uh, where we can talk over the phone.
None: About. What. We were able to come up.
None: For you and see if those would work for you.
None: And, uh,
None: Go out again.
2: Unfortunately, that, um
None: That can happen and and I do have, uh, quite a few patients who get reoccurring episodes of that.
2: Have you been? Keep
None: Therapy.
None: You doing?
2: Or
2: For short term because they they don't actually prevent
None: Coming back.
None: Yeah.
None: Therapist anymore. Why was that?
None: Was starting to become kind of a hassle.
None: With my work schedule.
None: This was an issue.
None: But I was able to get back to work so and I could use the money.
2: Um
2: Do. You think the physical therapy was helping
None: Slow going.
1: At first
Doctor: You mentioned that cost was getting to be a real issue for you. Can you tell me more about that. Well, the insurance I had only covered a certain number of sessions, and then they moved my therapy office because they were trying to work out my my schedule at work.
Client: But that was really far away. And then I had to do with parking and it just started to get really expensive. So. I understand, um
Doctor: So for now, I'd like you to try using a heating pad for your back pain, so that should help in the short term. Our goal is to get your back pain under better control without creating additional problems for you, like cost.
Client: Let's talk about some different options and the pros and cons of each
Client: So. The physical therapy is actually really good for your back pain, but there are other things we can be doing, Um to help. Yes, I definitely don't need to
Doctor: Lose any more time at work and just lie around the house all day.
Doctor: OK. Well, there are some alternative therapies like yoga or tai chi classes or meditation therapies that might be able to help.
Doctor: And. They might also be closer to you.
Doctor: And be less expensive. Uh, would that be something you'd be interested in that? Let's talk about some of the other costs of your care?
Doctor: In the past we had you on on some T.
Doctor: All right.
Doctor: Just. Wanna make sure this is working and everything's going well. Uh, yeah, So this is just a test.
Doctor: No. It's just a test.
Doctor: And. Make sure this is working.
Doctor: No, no.
Doctor: Hello. Can, You hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Can, You hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Can, You hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Can, You hear me?
Doctor: Hello. Can, You hear me?
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Doctor: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Client: Great. Just wanted to see if you can hear me.
Client: Hello. Can you hear me?
Client: Great. Just wanted to make sure you could hear me.
Client: Awesome. Just. Wanna make sure you can hear me.
Doctor: Um OK.
Doctor: Hi. This is, uh, doctor speaking. I just wanna make sure that you can hear me correctly.
Doctor: Great.
Doctor: Now. If you could tell me a little bit about yourself. That'd be awesome.
Client: Tramadol. Um, because the physical therapy alone wasn't wasn't working well, but again, the
Doctor: Be fine for a while, and then I'll
Doctor: And down or move in a weird way, and then
Doctor: They just go out.
Client: Unfortunately that, um, that can happen and and I do have, uh, quite a few patients who get reoccurring episodes of back pain. Um, have you been keeping up with the therapy that we had you on before?
Doctor: Which the
Doctor: The pills.
Client: Actually. I was talking about the physical therapy. Um, that we had you doing? Uh, the pills are, um, only meant for short term because they they don't actually prevent the back pain from coming back.
Doctor: So. Yeah. I once my back started feeling better, I was happy not to
Client: A therapist anymore. Why was that?
Doctor: Was starting to become kind of a hassle. Um
Doctor: You know with my work schedule.
Doctor: Cost was an issue.
Doctor: But I was able to get back to work, so and I could use the money.
Client: Um
Client: Do. You think the physical therapy was helping
Client: Yeah was slow going.
Client: First. I. See, Um, physical therapy is a bit slower than medications, but the point is to build up.
Client: The core muscles in your back and your abdomen. Physical therapy is also less invasive than
